## Microsoft Azure Fundamentals: Describe Azure management and governance
New to the cloud? Microsoft Azure fundamentals is a three-part series that teaches you basic cloud concepts, provides a streamlined overview of many Azure services, and guides you with hands-on exercises to deploy your very first services for free. Complete all of the learning paths in the series if you are preparing for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals. This is the third learning path in the series, **Azure Fundamentals: Describe Azure management and governance.** The other learning paths in the series are [Part 1: Describe cloud concepts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/microsoft-azure-fundamentals-describe-cloud-concepts/) and [Part 2: Describe Azure architecture and services.](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/azure-fundamentals-describe-azure-architecture-services/)

### Prerequisites
- Basic familiarity with IT terms and concepts

### Modules in this learning path

#### Describe cost management in Azure
43 min • Module • 9 Units

This module explores methods to estimate, track, and manage costs in Azure.

#### Describe features and tools in Azure for governance and compliance
34 min • Module • 8 Units

This module introduces you to tools that can help with governance and compliance within Azure.

#### Describe features and tools for managing and deploying Azure resources
22 min • Module • 6 Units

This module covers tools that help you manage your Azure and on-premises resources.

#### Describe monitoring tools in Azure
13 min • Module • 6 Units

This module covers tools that you can use to monitor your Azure environment.

