# Microsoft Azure Fundamentals: Describe Azure architecture and services

New to the cloud? Microsoft Azure fundamentals is a three-part series that teaches you basic cloud concepts, provides a streamlined overview of many Azure services, and guides you with hands-on exercises to deploy your very first services for free. Complete all of the learning paths in the series if you are preparing for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals. This is the second learning path in the series, **Azure Fundamentals: Describe Azure architecture and services**. The other learning paths in the series are [Part 1: Describe cloud concepts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/microsoft-azure-fundamentals-describe-cloud-concepts/) and [Part 3: Describe Azure management and governance](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/describe-azure-management-governance/).

## Prerequisites

- Basic familiarity with IT terms and concepts

## Modules in this learning path

### Describe the core architectural components of Azure

48 min • Module • 9 Units

This module explains the basic infrastructure components of Microsoft Azure. You'll learn about the physical infrastructure, how resources are managed, and have a chance to create an Azure resource.

### Describe Azure compute and networking services

1 hr 8 min • Module • 14 Units

This module focuses on some of the computer services and networking services available within Azure.

### Describe Azure storage services

46 min • Module • 9 Units

This module introduces you to storage in Azure, including things such as different types of storage and how a distributed infrastructure can make your data more resilient.

### Describe Azure identity, access, and security

43 min • Module • 11 Units

This module covers some of the authorization and authentication methods available with Azure.
