# LP05. Implement a Data Analytics Solution with Azure Synapse Analytics

7 hr 30 min • Learning Path • 6 modules

`Intermediate` `Data Engineer` `Azure Synapse Analytics`

## Modules in this learning path

### Introduction to Azure Synapse Analytics

1 hr 22 min • Module • 7 Units

Learn about the features and capabilities of Azure Synapse Analytics - a cloud-based platform for big data processing and analysis.

### Use Azure Synapse serverless SQL pool to query files in a data lake

1 hr 8 min • Module • 7 Units

With Azure Synapse serverless SQL pool, you can leverage your SQL skills to explore and analyze data in files, without the need to load the data into a relational database.

### Analyze data with Apache Spark in Azure Synapse Analytics

1 hr 6 min • Module • 8 Units

Apache Spark is a core technology for large-scale data analytics. Learn how to use Spark in Azure Synapse Analytics to analyze and visualize data in a data lake.

### Use Delta Lake in Azure Synapse Analytics

1 hr 14 min • Module • 9 Units

Delta Lake is an open source relational storage area for Spark that you can use to implement a data lakehouse architecture in Azure Synapse Analytics.

### Analyze data in a relational data warehouse

1 hr 29 min • Module • 8 Units

Relational data warehouses are a core element of most enterprise Business Intelligence (BI) solutions, and are used as the basis for data models, reports, and analysis.

### Build a data pipeline in Azure Synapse Analytics

1 hr 11 min • Module • 8 Units

Pipelines are the lifeblood of a data analytics solution. Learn how to use Azure Synapse Analytics pipelines to build integrated data solutions that extract, transform, and load data across diverse systems.
