# LP02. Build data analytics solutions using Azure Synapse serverless SQL pools

3 hr 17 min • Learning Path • 4 modules

`Intermediate` `Data Analyst` `Data Engineer` `Azure Synapse Analytics`

If you have large volumes of data stored as files in a data lake, you'll need a convenient way to explore and analyze the data they contain. Azure Synapse Analytics enables you to apply the SQL skills you use in a relational database to files in a data lake.

## Prerequisites

Consider completing the [Explore data analytics in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/azure-data-fundamentals-explore-data-warehouse-analytics?azure-portal=true) and [Get started querying with Transact-SQL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/get-started-querying-with-transact-sql?azure-portal-true) learning paths before starting this learning path. You will need knowledge of:

- Analytical data workloads in Microsoft Azure
- Querying data with Transact-SQL

## Modules in this learning path

### Use Azure Synapse serverless SQL pool to query files in a data lake

1 hr 8 min • Module • 7 Units

With Azure Synapse serverless SQL pool, you can leverage your SQL skills to explore and analyze data in files, without the need to load the data into a relational database.

### Use Azure Synapse serverless SQL pools to transform data in a data lake

47 min • Module • 7 Units

By using a serverless SQL pool in Azure Synapse Analytics, you can use the ubiquitous SQL language to transform data in files in a data lake.

### Create a lake database in Azure Synapse Analytics

1 hr 4 min • Module • 8 Units

Why choose between working with files in a data lake or a relational database schema? With lake databases in Azure Synapse Analytics, you can combine the benefits of both.

### Secure data and manage users in Azure Synapse serverless SQL pools

18 min • Module • 6 Units

Learn how you can set up security when using Azure Synapse serverless SQL pools
