## Microsoft Azure Fundamentals: Describe cloud concepts
New to the cloud? Microsoft Azure fundamentals is a three-part series that teaches you basic cloud concepts, provides a streamlined overview of many Azure services, and guides you with hands-on exercises to deploy your very first services for free. Complete all of the learning paths in the series if you are preparing for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals. This is the first learning path in the series, Microsoft Azure Fundamentals: Describe cloud concepts. The other learning paths in the series are [Part 2: Describe Azure architecture and services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/azure-fundamentals-describe-azure-architecture-services/) and [Part 3: Describe Azure management and governance](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/describe-azure-management-governance/).


This learning path helps prepare you for [Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals](https://learn.microsoft.com/credentials/certifications/exams/az-900/).

### Prerequisites
- Basic familiarity with IT terms and concepts

### Modules in this learning path

#### Describe cloud computing
This module introduces you to cloud computing. It covers things such as cloud concepts, deployment models, and understanding shared responsibility in the cloud.

#### Describe the benefits of using cloud services
This module introduces you to the benefits cloud computing can offer you or your organization.

#### Describe cloud service types
This module covers the different cloud service types and shares some of the use cases and benefits aligned with each service type.

