# Airflow: Local Development Environment

[Airflow: Local Development Environment](https://academy.astronomer.io/path/airflow-101/local-development-environment)

Set up a local development environment for Airflow!

## 📚 About this Module

Welcome to the Local Development Environment Module!

In this Module, we'll explore how to set up Airflow for local development. We'll start with an overview of the two primary ways Airflow can be installed on a local machine. Then, we'll dive into the Astro CLI, the fastest way to install and run Airflow locally and learn how to install it on a local machine (for both MacOS and Windows). Once it is installed, we will use it to boot up a new project and walk through the generated project structure. Lastly, we will see how to run the project using an IDE (VSCode) and the Astro CLI, while also covering a short overview of the Airflow UI.

## 🎯 Learning Objectives

At the end of this module, you'll be able to:

- Identify the two primary methods of installing Airflow
- Identify what the Astro CLI is, what it does, and how it compares to other tools for running Airflow
- Use Astro CLI to setup Airflow and a new Airflow project on a local machine
- Identify the purpose of common files and directories in a Airflow project
- Use common Astro CLI commands to run and manage a Airflow project

## Syllabus

### Introduction

- Welcome! (0 hr 1 min)

### Install Airflow

- Airflow Local Development (0 hr 3 min)
- The Astro CLI (0 hr 4 min)
- Install the Astro CLI (0 hr 2 min)

### Set up and Run a Airflow Project

- Set Up a Astro Project (0 hr 5 min)
- Run a Astro Project (0 hr 2 min)
- Set Up VSCode for Airflow (0 hr 4 min)

### Wrap Up

- Review
- Final Quiz
- How was it?
